a) One pro of agile development is that it involves constant collaboration with the client on a project.
This allows for constant client feedback on developing features.
A second pro would be that it gives the client constant value on a project.
Rather than having one deliverable at the end of the project, agile development allows customers to begin to use the product in development and gain value from it.
One con of agile development is that when requirements are fixed, it may not be necessary. 
Although this is rarely the case, in the event that a products features are fixed and well defined, taking an agile method could be a potential waste of clients time. A non-agile method where a precise plan can be made to implement this fetaure would be preferred in this case.
A second con is that in some situations where a task is too large to be split up into sprints, it can be difficult to manage these tasks.
This applies to overarching tasks such as security and robustness, where these tasks apply to all aspects of the product. It is hard to define these as stories in a sprint.

b) A scrum master's role relates to all SCRUM related tasks. This includes JIRA creating and maintenences, facillitating stories, determining what is included in sprints. They are the bridge between the project managers goals and the development teams techinical capabilities.
 The role of a product owner is different then the scrum master's as they are in charge of setting the overall direction of the team, and dealing with the semantics with stake holders and clients. They bring the overall picture to the SCRUM master.

c) 1) Sprint Planning Meeting
        - Determines what stories need to be completed in the next sprint by moving storeis from the backlog.
        - Determining the story points and assigning team members to stories, per the skillsets.
    2) Daily Scrum/Standup Meeting
        - Short daily meetings (~10 minutes) to discuss specific progress/questions on a story during the sprint.
        - Work completed, progress, as well as any unforeseen blockers and bugs are brought up
    3) Sprint Retrospective Meeting
        - Discuss work completed vs not completed and move appropriate stories to "Done" or backlog
        - Discuss new implementations on completed or worked on stories to see if new features may want to be added.

d) An Epic is the highest level of hierarchy in JIRA and contains stories. These are overacrching features that need to be done, but are too broad to be considered a single story. For example an epic could be "Create a customizable UI"
A story are usually substructures of Epics and are more specific and tangible in tasks. It gives a specific feature or sub-feature that can be created by a developer, usually within a single sprint (2-3 weeks).
A bug is a small problem with an exising feature or hand-off point of features that prevents the features(s) to function correctly. They typically arise after a story has been/is being developed. They usually are blockers for future stories to be completed.
A Task is very similar to a story, but is more tangible and direct. They are usually used to support epics and stories in their development progress. They may not always correspond to a feature that a client has requested, but is necessary to deliver a final product.
